1. No attacking each other’s  NAP alliance player´s, except on PvP events.
So we can let small alliance´s grow. If an ally gets attacked by a none NAP member he has the right for a counter attack. If an incidents happens between NAP members negotiate it between yourselves. If you can't agree, see Rule 7.
 have to fill a complain, in which the aggrieved party can start a vote with 3 outcomes. 
1. Counter attack on only the accused players
2. compensation in the form of resources ( one time transfer or loan)
3. Decided by victim ( case by case basis ) 

2. PvP EVENTS
During PvP events like "Breach the Storm" it is allowed to attack any other player base regardless of whether it is NAP or not. Super resources may also be conquered by other NAP or non-NAP alliances, they have the opportunity to defend or recapture them during the event, otherwise they have to try when the event takes place again. Players who want to keep growing can turn on shields during the event or try to hide or the leadership can come up with something else for them.
For conquest events like the Black Stone Stations or Fort Obsidian it is only allowed to attack the conquest targets yourself, during these events it is forbidden to attack other player bases only the object itself is the target.

3. No attacking any active alliance NAP domains / hives or platforms except on PvP Events. This prevent smaller NAP alliance’s being over farmed and gives them a chance to grow. the only Exceptions are dead allies(contact the marshal first to see if he replys) or one man allies, so that you can steel Resources from them any time.
4. Any player that has zero or almost zero troop power will be considered inactive and will be free to farm by any player. So if there is a dead alliance of inactive players you can freely attack and farm that, we’re just trying to keep active players growing on the server. To make sure a player is dead, scout him first. For the Top Allies we can assume that those are not dead, and no scout incidents should happen. If so, this will be discussed and we will come up with an agreement.

5. No attacking each other’s neutral farming node’s. 
These accidents, whether intentional or not, we will always have them. The players are encouraged to clarify those themselves in the first place. If no agreement can be reached between the players, the two marshals can discuss it, if necessary also on PvP day.

6. During alliance events such as Fort Obsidian or BlackRock, parties are not allowed to attack each other directly (BattleBarges). Warping on foreign territory is allowed.
7. Any player or ally breaking these rule’s regardless of power will be punished. Evidence must be provided before a decision can be made on the type of punishment. Offenders will receive a criminal role from the fort obsidian if the offence is serious. The punishment will be decide by a  the council. If they repeat the offence with in a certain time frame they will be kicked from the alliance and be purged. Also swearing and offensive language, harassment, religious/political discussion, sexism, racism, hate speech or other disruptive behaviour towards any party/player are STRICTLY PROHIBITED. If they happen the council will decide by individual decision.

The Council: Any 3 marshals from the top 10 alliances. If there are more than 3 available and everyone wants to join in, the 3 marshals from the highest ranking alliances take priority